well howdy there and I know people it's
Bo again
so today we're gonna talk about the war
on Christmas I know a lot of people
don't think this is joke video it's not
there is a war on Christmas what is
Christmas this is the day we celebrate
the guy who said love thy neighbors
thyself and then he was asked for
clarification and he said he told this
story and the story was there's this guy
traveling from one place to the next
I think it's overtaken by robbers he's
stripped naked beaten left for dead and
long walks a priest and the priest
season of urges eyes crosses the road
gets away from him because he don't want
to have to deal with it kind of the way
a lot of folks do homeless people
today and then along comes a Levite and
the Levite does the same thing and then
along comes a Samaritan and the
Samaritan picks him up bandages and puts
him on the donkey takes him into town to
a hotel where he pays for the guy's room
and he tells the innkeeper that he'll be
back and that if this guy needs anything
get it for him I'll pay you back for it
when I get back love thy neighbor as
thyself how did a whole lot of people
who call themselves Christians spend the
run-up to Christmas raising money to pay
for a wall to make sure that that
traveler never gets here and that we
certainly don't need to avert our eyes
cuz we all had to see him there is
definitely a war on Christmas he also
said
that you're supposed to love in truth
and deed not word and talk so when that
cashier looks at you and says happy
holidays and you say it's Merry
Christmas
the 11 entries indeed or word and talk
seems like we're to talk to me and the
idea is that a Christian is just
supposed to be pouring out with so much
love that people who aren't Christian
look at them and like Matt I want to be
like that person that's the idea so when
you take some cashier to task because he
or she wish you a happy time do you
think people look at you and say and I
want to be like them or you think they
want to avoid you this is definitely a
war on Christmas but doesn't have
anything to do with holiday cups at the
coffee shop anyway
it's just a thought now there are a lot
of people in this country and there are
a lot of different religions a lot of
you have holidays right around now so
from my family to yours happy holidays
y'all have a good night